README.md, before:

# qcp - Quantum Computing Project
## Choosing a dataset for a ML or NN algorithm
### Coffee-dataset
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/schmoyote/coffee-reviews-dataset
Nearly 2000 Coffee in diff. roastings with rating, price, origin, roaster-country
Guess that could be fun and it wouldn't be to have to extract some nice features
<!-- Could find out the bigest coffee-growers and roasters in the world, depending on the climazones -->
Addition here: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/michals22/coffee-dataset --> It' similar data
Prediction of coffee rating of a new coffee due to roasting/roaster-country/origin and price?
### Emission dataset
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/thedevastator/global-fossil-co2-emissions-by-country-2002-2022
Contains most of the emission data of a lot of countries from 2002 up to 2022
We could make predictions for future emissions, don't know the work-intensity of getting this dataset in a proper ML-algorithm
### Physical strength correlation with fear
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/thedevastator/physical-strength-correlation-with-fear-related
Sounds exciting although it's a bit more work. But I guess the features and therefore the prediction results are more exciting and useful than maybe in the other datasets...
Prediction for given strength and origin of a person how strong anxieties and emotional dependence they have, how fearful is someone with a given physicality?
<!-- ### Deaths due to Tesla accidents
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/thedevastator/tesla-accident-fatalities-analysis-and-statistic/discussion
Interesting set, but it is a bit too small I guess. And I wonder if these are only deaths from the try to drive autonomosly or general accidents. If its generally I don't really know whats the point of it ...
Prediction of deaths in a Tesla car accident? Maybe a bit dark topic. -->
### Continous Groundwater Measurement -2023, current
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/alifarahmandfar/continuous-groundwater-level-measurements-2023
It's a nicely explained dataset, big enough I guess. There a lot of feature on could predict for an explicit stage. Also a PCA could be a nice application here to find some key parameters for explaining trends in the data one would need to find beforehand. A bit more work I guess, maybe complex physical/reality context to understand...

Commit message:

Decided for a project, updated README.md

README.md, after:

# qcp - Quantum Computing Project
## Choosing a dataset for a ML or NN algorithm
- __Physical strength correlation with fear ---Decided!__
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/thedevastator/physical-strength-correlation-with-fear-related
Sounds exciting although it's a bit more work. But I guess the features and therefore the prediction results are more exciting and useful than maybe in the other datasets...
Prediction for given strength and origin of a person how strong anxieties and emotional dependence they have, how fearful is someone with a given physicality?
- __Backup Dataset with physical content: Airfoil dataset__
https://m-selig.ae.illinois.edu/ads/coord_database.html
Contains airfoils of a class, aiming to find the most important features there, one time with a normal autoencoder and the other version should be a quantum-autoencoder.

- Continous Groundwater Measurement -2023, current
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/alifarahmandfar/continuous-groundwater-level-measurements-2023
It's a nicely explained dataset, big enough I guess. There a lot of feature on could predict for an explicit stage. Also a PCA could be a nice application here to find some key parameters for explaining trends in the data one would need to find beforehand. A bit more work I guess, maybe complex physical/reality context to understand...
- Coffee-dataset
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/schmoyote/coffee-reviews-dataset
Nearly 2000 Coffee in diff. roastings with rating, price, origin, roaster-country
Guess that could be fun and it wouldn't be to have to extract some nice features
<!-- Could find out the bigest coffee-growers and roasters in the world, depending on the climazones -->
Addition here: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/michals22/coffee-dataset --> It' similar data
Prediction of coffee rating of a new coffee due to roasting/roaster-country/origin and price?
- Emission dataset
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/thedevastator/global-fossil-co2-emissions-by-country-2002-2022
Contains most of the emission data of a lot of countries from 2002 up to 2022
We could make predictions for future emissions, don't know the work-intensity of getting this dataset in a proper ML-algorithm
